[Theme Music]
Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
My name is Dan Triber.
I'm sitting here with Andy Murray, Aniches and Ski and James Harkin.
And once again, we have gathered around the microphone with our four favorite facts from
the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
Starting with you.
Andrew Hunter Murray.
My fact is that until the mid-2000s, the best method for finding out how many pandas were
alive was to sift through their poo.
Was that where they were hidden?
[Laughter]
You just had to look for the white bits.
Yeah, what does that mean?
Well, it's very, very hard to know how many pandas there are.
We've got no idea how many there are accurately and they do censuses every so often and they
can be very, very, they can be based on a lot of guesswork.
So the best method in the early 2000s, which came up with the total number of 1596, which
is very precise, was to go around looking for panda excrement, sift through it for undigested
fragments of bamboo and then find tooth marks on that, because tooth marks have a particular
like fingerprints though, it's supposedly unique.
And that's how you find out how many pandas there are.
So you were looking for pandas inside the poo?
Yeah, wow.
In a way.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There's a different, different tooth signature on every bite, basically.
Every panda has its own individual tooth marks.
So I guess with pandas, it must be particularly useful, because bamboo has, like, has such hard
cellulose, doesn't it?
So it was very hard to digest.
I think, do they only digest 30% of it anyway or something and the rest of it?
They're all wrong pandas, you know, and they're carnivores.
And they're carnivores.
They're totally carnivores.
They're meant to be.
They gave up eating meat several million years ago, but they're still built as carnivores.
They have a sixth finger, don't they?
They have an opposable thumb, or what acts effectively as an opposable thumb.
And there's a theory, so it's for, it's actually just a protruding bit of bone.
And it's mainly, it's solely used to hold bamboo for them to eat it.
But I think now there's a theory that that evolved back when they were carnivores, because
it helped them, I think it helped them dig away at their prey to try and kill each one.
They do sometimes eat, like, insects and stuff.
And little rodents, if they can get their hands on them, but normally they can't, because
they're pandas.
It's very difficult for them to do anything.
They're very slow moving, aren't they?
They are, yeah.
Sorry.
There's a theory that they're only slow moving, because they change their diet.
And because bamboo is so inefficient to eat, they then had to slow down, stop moving around,
have less sex, become fat, eat as much as you can, all of these behavioural changes come
from the evolutionary change, which is when there was bamboo everywhere, and it made sense.
It's basically like getting married.
I don't know if there were ever thin pandas, it's kind of disgusting to think of, just like
really buff pandas walking around, sprinting, readily fast, and maybe they used to hype
an egg, because that's the reason they didn't hype an egg isn't it, because they can't
study, take a pause from eating, so he's such inefficient food.
People have said that huge amounts of effort focused on them, and they're an evolutionary
dead end, which is not really fair, because we've removed all of their habitat.
We've got to go around saying, "Yeah, these guys are useless, they've got the bamboo, there's
no bamboo anywhere at the moment, what the hell, is not really fair."
My buddy Simon Wat, he's a scientist, and he does a lot of stand-up, he knows, and he
tells us great fact about the WWF and the Panda logo.
Do you know why the panda is the logo for the WWF?
Was it because they thought they would die out?
No.
It was a specific panda, a specific panda, isn't it?
It was all the basis, so this is Sir Peter Scott, who was the co-founder of the WWF, and
who drew the original logo.
He said that obviously they're furry and they're beautiful and they're cute and people
respond to them, but it was also one major reason.
Is it a black and white printing costume?
It's a black and white animal print, black and white printing.
That's good.
Yeah.
Pandas defecate 40 times a day.
40?
Yeah.
I mean, they eat a quarter of their own weight in food every day.
That's a lot of poo to sift through though.
Yeah.
They have evidence to gather your...
That's a lot of solid bamboo to be coming out of you as well.
No.
People work.
It's so sad.
People work for years and they go out to China as Panda researchers, really excited and
then they just don't see any.
I've read an article about the census and there was a guy called Daibo who's a wildlife
biologist in the Chinese Forestry Ministry and he said, "To be honest, I've been working
in these mountains for 20 years and I've never seen a panda in the wild."
Because he's working in the wrong places, isn't he?
But you just...
Also, when you're doing a census, you're not looking up for them.
You're looking at the ground desperately trying to spot their excriments.
Yeah.
So it's entirely possible that you're miss one because it's so fun to do something.
But also, like these are, as you've said, fat, lazy animals.
How slow is this guy that he's able to find their excrement when not find them?
They're obviously close by.
20 years if he's finding it. They're in the neighborhood. They're very shy. They're very
shy. They're very shy. Would you be shy? Would you be shy to his wife each night? Did you see one
today, dear? No. He's got his panda spotting notebook with no entries in it. There's one guy
every day who comes back into the office while he goes, "I saw nine today." Every day.
Pandapu is, well, the world's most expensive cup of tea is made using Pandapu. It's this
guy called Anjanshi and I think he started making it in 2013 and it costs 131 pounds for a cup
and he uses 10 tons of Pandapu on his tea plantation to make his tea delicious. Oh, so it's not in
the tea itself. It grows the plant. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's used as the fertilizer. That's a relief.
Yeah, relief. One lump or two. Yeah. Apparently it gives it a rich, a richer taste.
Does it? I bet it does. Yeah. I mean, we get a bit sniffy about it but it's it's manure. It's
using fertiliser. Yes, yeah. No, no. I thought it was in, because they do sell dried out
Pandapu, you can buy it as paper, can't you from certain zoos in China. So I just thought
it might be, you know, why not? They're doing flattened it, don't they? They don't
just be able to just write on this. You get a really lumpy envelope. I think I know who it's from.
Just written on it. Still nothing. Do you remember, sorry, speaking of doing stuff to Pandas,
did we talk about that story of the Italian circus? No. And Italian circus a couple of years ago,
tried to pass off a pair of chow chow dogs as pandas by painting them and they're in,
they're in serious trouble now for deceiving people and for animal cruelty. Skeptical customers
were told that the two dogs, a male and a female, were actually half panda, half dog hybrids.
So if you were skeptical, he said, I think these look a bit weird, they expected you to believe.
Actually, that guy who works in China goes on holiday to Italy and he's like, you know what,
we're going to go to the zoo because they've actually got pandas. We'll finally get to see one.
The first two lines in the Pandas spotting notebook are then just crossed out a few days later.
Bit too late. I like this actually, in the article about, in the article about the disguise dogs,
it finished with the line, the owners may be facing additional charges for falsifying the animal
passports. The dogs from Hungary also turned out to be six months younger than the document. So
it's claiming their pandas. But under age pandas. The Smithsonian got two pandas in 1976 or
and I'm not sure if these were the original pandas diplomacy ones but they were called
Sing Sing and Ling Ling. And this was at the time when they didn't really know how to
encourage them to breed properly and the sentence is just this, it's a wonderful sentence.
Sing Sing failed at his early attempts to inseminate Ling Ling, not much of a surprise considering
he tried to mate with her ear, wrist and foot. How do you how do you try mate with a wrist?
Okay time for fact number two and that's my fact. My fact this week is that since 2007 the Wikipedia
Brian Henderson has made more than 50,000 edits and all of them are exactly the same. Tracking down
articles using the words comprised of and changing them to consists of. That's dedication.
I love it. Yeah. What a great guy who's definitely not wasting every minute of his life.
He's not wasting every minute. He does all of his edits on a Sunday night. I believe.
Yes. Yeah. And he's really. He's a heathen as well.
This guy makes all of his edits on a Sunday night. He has a special program. He's written
his own program which identifies when people have newly written comprises of or comprised of
he finds it and then he says and it typically takes about 10 seconds but that's because I've gotten
really really good at it. I've actually put a lot of thought into those 10 seconds. Some of them take
a lot longer. Some of them take minutes. Actually not the most edited entry on Wikipedia is.
What? It's the page for George W. Bush. Is that?
Which has been edited 45,000 times. Is it just do we put full stop after W or not?
Yes, it's all that. Back and forth. It's been edited three times for every word in the article.
That says through to through November 2013. I'm not sure if it's only in that month it was edited
three times for every word in the article or whether that's in total history and total history.
But either way, it's a lot. Here's a weird thing. That guy Brian Henderson, so who does these 50,000
edits. I kind of thought that he must have the record from most edits on Wikipedia. And so I looked
into a list of the most edits ever made by George W. Bush. There's no doubt and don't.
Do you know what roughly number the most edits by single person? How many is this guy?
50,000. Okay, so. And he's been going every Sunday since 2000. Sometimes that by seven.
Yes, so 350,000. What's the answer? The answer is a guy called his username is co-alph k-o-a-u-f and
he has done 1455,693 edits. Wow. That's amazing. Okay, so I went on to the Wikipedia page for
pedant. And that has been edited more than 500 times. I just thought I'd read all the different
changes. One of the things was there are some quotes about pedantry on there. One of the quotes is,
"I am appendant when it comes to written English." That's a quote by Garty Vixters. It's like a jokey
thing because someone in the edit page wrote, "Changed pedant back to pendant yet again."
So someone keeps changing that bad. That must be really annoying. I remember looking at the
Wikipedia page entitled "The Reliability of Wikipedia" and finding the sentence, 90% of articles
on Wikipedia exhibit superior quality and then in square brackets on reliable source, question mark.
Have you ever looked at the most popular Wikipedia pages for various countries? No.
No. They're just quite bizarre. So in Sweden in 2012, the top Wikipedia page that was searched,
that was clicked on was... Okay, we should guess. Oh, okay, think you'll guess this one. Sweden.
William Shakespeare. Is there a coincidence that way you're saying, "Will William Shakespeare?"
No, that's not the way I'm saying Sweden. Is it Sweden? Yeah. Okay. Got it. So that was Sweden.
Can't believe I guess William Schattener. I feel like an idiot now.
Adult video actresses, pages are best in Japan. The second most clicked on Wikipedia page in
Spain in 2012 was for the app symbol. Wow. And the most popular Wikipedia page in Germany that
year was the page on cul-de-sacs. And you know that game that you do on the Wikipedia where you
click on it and you're trying to get through the whole of the encyclopedia to get to a page.
Wiki-race. Yeah, so you start over one word to another. Yeah, yeah.
So in Germany, they get to cul-de-sac and there's no links there.
Do you guys know what Jimmy Wales has said, his favourite Wikipedia pages? Was it Wales?
No. The country. Was it William Schattener? Sweden?
It's a very random one. It's a page called Metal Unglaut. Oh yeah, I know.
Yeah, a page devoted to heavy metal bands that put a decorative Unglaut in their name.
Oh yeah. Like a modely crew, maximum park.
Motorhage. Yeah, that's what he says. And then the other one is a page for chocolate chip cookies.
All right, you know, one more, you know, speaking of Jimmy Wales, he and the Wikipedia foundation
cracked down a few years ago on US Congress and banned them, banned any IP address with any
association with US Congress for making any Wikipedia edits because they were,
it was during election period and they were just constantly vandalising each other's pages.
You do get that still from the House of Commons and the House of Lords. Lots of edits to Wikipedia pages.
British politicians come from there. Good use of that. Dan and I went to a Wikimania event,
which is for lots of Wikipedians and lots of editors and things like that. And it was in London
last year. Yes. And Dan was doing a speech about Wikipedia and did you make a page on the
train? Yeah, so yeah, because one of the speakers at it, who's a comedian here in London and
scientists called Steve Cross, who runs a think called science show off, he came on and he,
his whole talk was about how he didn't have a Wikipedia page. And you made one for him?
No, I knew that he wasn't notable enough to make a Wikipedia page. That's what the problem was
that he was saying that he can't get one. So what I made was one of those list pages and the list
was called the title of the page was people who don't have Wikipedia pages. And I put him as the
first name and they deleted it within a minute. So can I read you just, I have one more thing about this,
which is that what I really, really like about the guy, Mr. Henderson. And I think, yeah, I mean,
I quite like his mission. I wouldn't do it myself, but it's quite, it's quite sweet in a way.
I think it's sloppy English, I don't necessarily think it's wrong. But the first edit he made was on
the 14th of August 2006, which was for the article central processing unit. Right? Now the next one he made,
I think he made some other Wikipedia edits in between, but the next one he made for comprised of was
on the 4th of January 2007. So that's about that's about four months difference. I just wonder what he
did in that four months. He must have been thinking about it. Yeah, I'm glad I did that. I'll just do one more.
Just one. I've done one. I'll do another one. There probably aren't too many more. There was a point
where he had dealt with all of them, every single one on Wikipedia. And then of course, because people
write more articles and I guess also people get a bit proprietary or sometimes about their articles or
articles that they've been editing a lot. And so if he changes it and they change it back, he tries not
to immediately correct that again because he doesn't want to get on with his nerve. So that I think
wasn't quite a friendly. And the other one, the other one that he has is that obviously if you
are quoting someone and they've used the words comprised of, you can't change that, that just sits
there. And so he gets frustrated. He found like 150. My favorite thing about this fact is that
our show no such thing as a fish has a Wikipedia page in which all of our facts are put up on Wikipedia.
And now there's going to be 151 because this will now be a quote that he can't change.
Oh yeah. We're putting comprised of into our Wikipedia page because it's a fact that we've just said.
Oh that's so cruel. And it's so cruel because it's a fact that that's going to have his name in it as well.
Hi Brian. Hi Brian.
Okay time for fact number three. And that is James Harkin.
My fact is that the world's largest saw is used to cut through mountains in Kazakhstan.
Why are they cutting through mountains in Kazakhstan?
Mining. They're just mining for coal. Yeah they're looking for coal. It's a very impressive looking
machine. It's terrifying actually. It looks just like a circular saw, only lots bigger. Do you know
how big it is? Yeah it's 145 feet in diameter and it weighs 45,000 tons. And it just basically
anything in its path just gets sold out of the way. Can they change the axis of it so that it can
cut at an angle? I don't know. I don't think they can. Because you'd be very frustrated if the thing
you wanted was horizontal and you could only cut vertically. You probably can move it but it is
really really really heavy. Well it takes like 27 people to operate it right? Yeah. Yeah. So you've got one
person sitting inside. Apparently that's the prime position. 26 people outside? Yeah. I don't know why.
It can dig out 4,500 tons of coal an hour. So it weighs 45,000 tons? Yeah. Bloody hell I know.
That's really heavy. But I just love this like the whole thing of big machinery and stuff.
Yeah. It's a nice subject. So the world's biggest boring machine. A tunneling as in boring.
Yeah. And it's under, they're using it to make a tunnel in Seattle at the moment and it's got stuck.
So it's stuck underneath Seattle. Oh no. That would be a great sequel to sleepless insia.
I read the other day that Birmingham University has a bunch of disused tunnels under it which were built
in 1902 for mining students so they could practice mining. So they're fake mining tunnels.
Wow. Isn't that cool? Do you think they built it only a little bit underground? Because obviously it
would be a massive amount of effort to build a fake mining tunnel. Yeah they were. 200 feet down.
Yeah. I think we only went about 20 feet down or something. I have a cool fact about mines.
The very deepest mines you can't go down in just one lift because the weight of the cable
is so much that it would snap when when you were in the capsule at the bottom of the cable.
So you have to go down and then get another lift even further down. That's how deep into the
ground. Wow. It's also true of like super towers as well because I know I've been up some of the
tallest towers in the world and you always are on more than one lift there. Definitely in the
Kuala Lumpur. Yeah but there are two towers there so obviously you're going to have to do this. No sorry.
I have a thing about cables which is that Alaskan whales use cables like fishing rods
and fishing lines to eat their fish. What? Which is really interesting. I saw this in the
documentary the other day. So these fishermen go out and they throw these huge cables down
into the bottom of the ocean and they attach the side of it on hooks all these big fish.
And so bigger fish come and latch onto and start eating it and the whales have worked out that if
you slide down this cable with your mouth open you can eat all the fish so when they come up it's
half eaten fish. So they go fishing now. These Alaskan whales go fishing. Yeah it's really a very
cool look. They've got all this documentary footage. Back to sauce quickly. Do you guys know where
the chainsaw was first invented? For childbirth wasn't it? Yeah I think it was all for, so it was in
1783 I think and it was just a little hand version of a chainsaw, hand-held version of a chainsaw
and yeah it was for symphysiotomy which is a surgical procedure where you cut the cartilage to
wipe in the pelvis when a woman's giving birth. So it's nice and to cut bones generally. So they were
really useful in surgery in the 19th century weren't they? They were many used by doctors to cut
to amputate bones. It was called saw bones. That was an England for a doctor. I was looking at a list
of different saws and there was, I know it wasn't one saw two saw three. Apparently there is a saw
called a cold saw. Really? That's great. It's quite nice. Do you know what it does? Is it cooled down
to cut through hot things or is it? It's basically transfers the heat to the thing that it cuts so the
actual saw itself doesn't get too hot. That's pretty clever. But the thing you've stored into is
freaking boilers on fire. Hey so I was looking into mountains. Can I bring into mountains very quickly?
I found the smallest mountain in the world. Because I just thought there must be one right? There must be
the smallest mountain. I thought you had to be a certain number of feet to be a mountain. Okay so this
one is officially registered as a mountain. It's in Australia and it's called Mount Wichiproof.
It's actually an aboriginal word which is two words which she and pork and it means grass on a hill
and it totally makes sense because when you look at this it's the smallest mountain. It's 141 feet high.
So why is it claiming to be a mountain? It's just it's just registered as a mountain. It qualifies as a
mountain. I mean I guess a mountain must start at some height and that's the smallest. That's where it
starts. Oh that's the other. No that's it is. 141 feet is where the mountain starts. It starts at
something like 600 meters. But I think that it's one of those things like the definition of a county
which is quite fluid. I think you can get registered as a mountain by various dodgy.
Australia got an internet registry mountain server. I think it was a black market. You know I got
my license in an hour or nine. Like a Gillian McKee mountain. It's just $200 Australian dollars.
Register yourself. We will mount it. This is my cat who is a mountain. Mr. Tibbles, many people have
tried scaling him but died in the attempts. Yeah there is a rule about how high they are in the UK
which is why that movie, the man who went up a hill and came down a mountain. The best you
grant movie ever made. Is that what it's about? It's about the registration of mountains. It's about
him making the hill very slightly bigger than it was a mountain. It's really sad you watch the film
and it's one of those films. It reminded me of rabbit pre-fence because you follow Hugo on this
struggle to turn and say the gem mountain by adding a part of rocks to it or something. I can't
remember. And then the little right up at the end which tells you what happened afterwards because
I think it's based on a true story says a few years later it was then reclassified as a hill again.
Sorry. Is that really what the film's about? Yeah. Wow. I don't know. I thought you were just
running because I knew the title of the film but I just I just couldn't possibly believe that that
was what it was about. Basically he grant goes up this hill and then goes on the internet and buys
wait so why does he add rocks because it's just missing out on a high hill. Yeah it was like one meter
shot of being a mountain. Why did he want to make it a mountain? Because the village was all proud of
it. You've got to watch the film. It was a very touching kind of local story film. Okay and he's got
weirdly floppy straight hair. That's awful. I'm sure it's very. Okay time for a final
fact. The show and that is Hesinski. My fact is that in the early days of race walking or speed
walking the competitors were allowed to jog as necessary to relieve cramp. As in could they jog
forward or would they have to jog on the spot? So it's uncle I think they could jog forward. So it seems
to have been more of a gentlemanly thing to do was to admit when you didn't have cramp and therefore
walk and the understood rule was a fair heel and toe which as you can imagine is you have to have
your toe on the ground at the same time as your heel of the other foot hits the ground. There was one
football team. It was the one that WC Grace played for and whenever they got a penalty they always
deliberately missed the penalty because they couldn't believe that the other team would deliberately
do it very well. That's great. Race walking. Yeah you were saying about the pedestrianism.
Yeah so pedestrianism was where we got the sport speed walking and it started with British footman
in the 16th 17th centuries and it became a kind of a thing that gentleman like to do is compete over
how good their footman was or footman obviously had to walk next to a carriage. That's also a good
way that sport used to be where you didn't have to do it yourself you could get your slaves to
do it. Exactly and it was like a big gambling thing as you can imagine what bets were placed on
these people. Anyway Britain and the early 19th century and the most popular in America and the
late 19th they think and they were pretty easy going rule wise. I really like the the notion that
because they would do these walks which lasted for six days that's how the competitions were.
Yeah they would start on Sunday at midnight basically. Wait so this is the original. This is
what you were trying to do sport. So just to put this in context as well so this was in the late 1800s
it suddenly became the big sport in America. People were dying to see people walk. The story that I read
which is from a book that you got this fact from right which is a pedestrianism by Matthew Algeo or
Algeo came out last year. Yeah so from what I read it is that it kind of started as a craze when a person
had a bet with someone else about who was going to win the presidential election and the loser of
the bet had to walk all the way to the inauguration and that was a 10 day walkably from Boston to Washington
DC and Lincoln won the election and this guy lost his bet. He did the walk and it got such press that
all these people came to watch it and he had such a success that he kind of just went and it was a
line that I read it which I loved it said let's take this indoors and he started walking around a
rink and he started making money for it and then it turned into this big sport where everyone started
competing and he ended up using the original Madison Square Garden and huge crowds came in to watch
the thing because people they want to have had cars in those days presumably so people would walk
from miles around to see other people walking but they walked through from what I read in this book
21 hours a day for six days it's amazing it's insane and they had a cot on the side that they would
take naps in which must have been really hard with the thousands of screaming cheers and the yeah
but yeah and they would cover about 600 miles I think in the six days so about a hundred miles a day
but if they were racing as well I do love those naps as the kind of like the formula one that stops yeah
yeah but you'd go in and have a three hour nap and then you'd wake up and be like oh I'm still
two laps ahead while you and I think people would come in and change your things very very slowly
change your diapers yeah because presumably you'd have to go to the bathroom at times yeah I wonder
what you do there presumably there was a toilet there like a pottedoo and they just have to be in the
camp yeah maybe in the middle of the the camp that's why they only really stayed in there for about three
hours the motivation to get out and get back walking I think you should ever have children then
I very much admire marathon walkers and runners for their ability to just have a shit and a piss
wherever they go damn like like what was Paul uh right yeah I think that I wouldn't have dedicated
to the sport I think you don't really care about that kind of thing that's what I mean it's true
the newborn babies are the most dedicated sports athletes I was just going to say the guy
that Dan was talking about is called Edward Payson Western and yeah so they did have it before
because it was very popular in Britain in in the same kind of format in the early 19th century but
yeah he was the first big star of it I think and he I think I've been also the first case or one
of the first cases of a doping scandal uh because he got in trouble for winning a race under the
influence of coca leaves which was not actually against the rules but it was thought to be again
very unsportsman like and people were really upset his outright cheating um he admitted that he
used the coca leaves in the race in 1876 but he said he it was under the advice of his doctor and so
perfectly okay we all use that excuse when found with cocaine at work um do you know what the first
doping offence and the Olympics was was it in ancient Greece wasn't was it was in alcohol yeah
and the first one two beers and it was a guy I think it was in shooting yeah it was in the shooting
and he had two beers to calm his nerves yeah and they said that wasn't allowed so it's great of all
the sports to be drunk and do most dangerous for the spectators so there's one more thing about that
guy western who walked to the White House he didn't make it in time for the inauguration
he was several hours late and then president and he met president Lincoln and Lincoln um he went
to the first party at the White House and president Lincoln offered to pay his train fare back to Boston
and he said no I didn't make it so I'll walk back yeah oh my god is it fantastic that's true
do you know who popularized or who was the first recreational um client sort of climber rock climber
until climber in Britain no no I don't it was twiggy I was gonna say twiggy that's so weird yeah
Jenny only was going to say twiggy because it gets trees on mountains it's a natural name it sounds
it's a Christopher walkin oh very nice thank you because he's climbing what about oh climb
rock Hudson yeah that's good the rock kid rock you got to go older though I think okay stop being
silly boys okay right uh it was code of rich oh he's so he is it because the word ridges in his name
actually there you go we shouldn't we see if we kept going we would have gone to it
you say silly oh Kohler has made the first recorded recreational mountain climb in the UK um and
he was like this right yeah he was the first recorded person to climb up Scarfell Pike which is
the highest mountain in England and uh yeah and apparently he took an extremely dangerous route
down and nearly died uh he I know some things about him he uh liked eating fruit while it was still on
the tree yeah okay and he wore this huge gown which had stars and crescent moons all over it and it
made him look like a wizard wow yeah you sure you're thinking of him yeah I think I've dumbledore again
okay I want to do some FAQs from the race walking associations website go on before we finish yeah
okay so the second question on there is why not simply run fair it's a good question isn't it yeah
I can't think of an answer and their answer is running is certainly faster but one of the interests of
the spot is achieving good performances within the restrictions of the rules that's true I mean
that's like saying oh netball why not just let them go all over the court what does that's a different
sport yes very good why not let them play football yeah why not just pick up the ball this should have
been the real answer to the FAQ what you guys are saying right now yeah sure and why don't we just
rob everything wouldn't that be easier than earning money into buy things why is there anything
rather than nothing thanks Einstein you need rules idiot another question yeah it's one more um
do people not make fun of you when you're race walking it can't be denied that there are some
idiots usually overweight people in cars who think that race walking looks funny
um don't take them on unless you're a judo expert or a lawyer they're usually driving too fast
be to catch them anyway don't try chaser but you'll be disqualified with the rules section unless
you've got cramp then you can go yeah anyway I've got to go take a shit in the streets because why not
sign pull a reckless okay that's it that's our facts thanks so much for listening if you want to
get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast you
can get us on our Twitter accounts I'm on ad shriberland Andy at Andrew Hunter M James at eggshaped
Anna podcast at qi.com we also have a Twitter podcast handle which is at qi podcast and if you want to
hear all of our previous episodes you can head over to no such thing as a fish.com got about 40 odd
episodes up there to listen to and we'll be back again next week with another episode see you then
goodbye.
[Music]
[BLANK_AUDIO]